#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   eli5
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
auto-ts==0.0.71
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bayesian-optimization==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via flask
catboost==1.2.1
    # via scalecast
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   flask
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
cmdstanpy==1.1.0
    # via prophet
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
convertdate==2.4.0
    # via prophet
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.2
    # via pmdarima
dask==2023.5.0
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   distributed
    #   scalecast
debugpy==1.7.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2023.5.0
    # via auto-ts
eli5==0.13.0
    # via scalecast
ephem==4.1.4
    # via lunarcalendar
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fiona==1.9.4.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
flask==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2023.9.0
    # via dask
geopandas==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   osmnx
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   eli5
holidays==0.32
    # via prophet
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imageio==2.31.3
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   fiona
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib
    #   prophet
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.12.2
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   eli5
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pmdarima
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via auto-ts
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
lightgbm==4.0.0
    # via scalecast
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lunarcalendar==0.0.9
    # via prophet
lxml==4.9.3
    # via pytrends
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   catboost
    #   prophet
    #   scalecast
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via distributed
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   osmnx
    #   scikit-image
notebook==7.0.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auto-ts
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   catboost
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   contourpy
    #   eli5
    #   imageio
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   osmnx
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pmdarima
    #   prophet
    #   pywavelets
    #   rasterio
    #   scalecast
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   simdkalman
    #   snuggs
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tifffile
    #   tsmoothie
    #   xgboost
opencv-python==4.8.0.76
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via scalecast
osmnx==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auto-ts
    #   catboost
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
    #   pmdarima
    #   prophet
    #   pytrends
    #   scalecast
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via dask
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.16.1
    # via catboost
pmdarima==2.0.3
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   tbats
prettytable==3.8.0
    # via auto-ts
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
prophet==1.1.4
    # via auto-ts
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pymeeus==0.5.12
    # via convertdate
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.5.0
    # via geopandas
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   holidays
    #   jupyter-client
    #   lunarcalendar
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   prophet
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytrends==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   lunarcalendar
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pywebio==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pywin32==305
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.11
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.0
    # via qtconsole
rasterio==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   osmnx
    #   pytrends
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.10.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scalecast==0.18.16
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auto-ts
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   eli5
    #   pmdarima
    #   scalecast
    #   tbats
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   catboost
    #   eli5
    #   lightgbm
    #   pmdarima
    #   scalecast
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tsmoothie
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   scalecast
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
simdkalman==1.0.3
    # via tsmoothie
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   catboost
    #   eli5
    #   fiona
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auto-ts
    #   pmdarima
    #   scalecast
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via eli5
tbats==1.1.3
    # via scalecast
tblib==2.0.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.7.10
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   pywebio
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   prophet
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
tsmoothie==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
ua-parser==0.18.0
    # via user-agents
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via pywebio
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.7
    # via flask
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==1.7.6
    # via
    #   auto-ts
    #   scalecast
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via auto-ts
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
